# TCP_Server(Virtual Device)
This virtual device is based on TCP communication protocol for our Android app. This project is authorized by Singular Medical (Irvine, USA).

# Description
This Virtual Device aims at simulating a real Device in terms of sending data(in byte[] format) back to Android programmer. Virtual device is using TCP/IP communication protocol instead of BLE in real running environment.


## Copyright and Permissions
All rights reserved. This project and accompanying materials are owned by Singular Medical. The content is protected by international copyright laws. 

No part of this project may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of Singular Medical. 

This project is intended for use solely by authorized individuals or entities, and may not be used for commercial purposes without the express written consent of Singular Medical. Unauthorized use of this project for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties under applicable laws.

By accessing or using this project, you agree to abide by the above terms.

# Device Mode
1. Non-testing mode (deviceMode=0): Device data (which can be programmed), such as parameter data, is serialized and deserialized locally through IO. If local data is not available, default values are returned. Non-programmable data will return random values (such as Device Log, Episode, etc.).
2. Espresso testing script mode 1 (deviceMode=1): Fuzzy testing + Semi-random: Espresso retrieves the data and parses it locally, then compares it with the actual UI data. All returned data is randomly generated within a reasonable range.
3. Espresso testing script mode 2 (deviceMode=2): Fuzzy testing + Fully random: Espresso retrieves the data and parses it locally, then compares it with the actual UI data. All returned data is randomly generated without any pattern.
4. Espresso testing script mode 3 (deviceMode=3): Regression testing. Predefined data and expected test results: Espresso does not need to parse the data locally. Each Testcase will have predetermined expected data and results. Espresso should directly compare whether the results are correct.
5. Espresso testing script mode 4 (deviceMode=4): Integration testing. Collaboration of multiple modules, such as popup testing.
6. Espresso testing script mode 5 (deviceMode=5): Testing is aimed at all programmable+retrievable parameters. For example, using Brady, Espresso randomly opens parameter settings, randomly clicks an option. During the program, it records all data on the current UI screen, then retrieves it for comparison. If the data matches, the test passes.
7. Stress/Performance testing (deviceMode=10): Testing the Programmer's performance when faced with a large amount of garbage/illegitimate data.

### TCP Server-Client Interaction and Data Processing Workflow
- Start
- TCP Server Listens on port 8888
- Client Connects -> Server creates new Thread (Classical BIO Model)
- Thread Creates Controller.ICDDevice instance
- Two types of Incoming data, one is testing environment configuration, another is real data from programmer
- Call DecodingPacket class to decode the packet into: packetHeader(3 bytes) + payload + CRC32
- Packetheader contains: packet length + sequenceNumber + commandId.
- Perform Corresponding I/O operations based on commandId
- Each ICDDevice Process corresponding data
- Server sends encoded packet back to client
- Repeat from Step V. (until client disconnects)
- End

#### Annotation
Part of the code is generated by chatGPT. Thus you might see Chinese comment in my code
